Welcome to PanSift. This is the dashboard. No
matter where you are located or who you are
supporting remotely, you can see real time insights
into their computer's Internet connection, their
local Wi-Fi, and other key metrics that affect their
voice and video connectivity or laptop health.
Let's take a look at the most
recent Internet outages.
By clicking on the insight we are immediately taken
to the issue. Let's zoom in a little and
see what's going on on "laptop 3".
We can see it's not specifically the Internet, as
there was a problem reaching
the local network too.
Here we can see IPv6 and IPv4 failing locally.
We have fast access to the previous
public IP addresses.
But we also notice that ARP was failing
to complete at times too.
With built-in lookups we can also see the vendor's
organizationally unique identifier to
help with equipment identification.
We can also see the interfaces used by the
default route including the hardware type.
And we can also see the local interface
IPs used during this time range.
At all times, the host details are available
to us on the left hand side.
We can also see the test hosts used for DNS, trace
rowts, and basic HTTP tests. These hosts are
editable on the paid plan with
up to 5 arbitrary records.
Now let's take a peak at DNS. We actively query the
DNS servers for the test host records, but also do
additional random queries to force full resolution
rather than relying on cached records.
Let's add 30 minutes to either side, to
get a better picture of response times.
Now let's see where in the world this agent's IP
addresses are coming from during this time period.
Our lighthouses reflect back the public IP
addresses, as seen from the agent requests. We give
city level resolution and depending on the ISP's attention to detail,
we can get pretty specific.
In the trace and ASN section, we show, not just the
hops, but also generate real time, ASN  lookups,
and also include the AS names. You can spot changes in hop length,
and autonomous system, rapidly.
These paths are available historically for all your
configured test hosts, which includes either
IP or ASN paths for easy cut and paste.
Similarly we can see status codes
and baseline speeds for HTTP.
PanSift's agents also allow the missing link, which
is, for a user to add custom notes giving missing
context, during an issue or outage. Even if they
are offline, all notes and measurements are
buffered until the agent syncs again,
via a local network, or hotspot.
Notice that each tab change preserves the current
time window, but if you want to be more specific,
you can specify exact query times quickly and
easily. Additionally, you can even share URL links
with those you invite to view
or administer your account.
With the explosion in Wi-Fi devices, it's
imperative to understand airtime and channels,
especially in dense environments. Pansift watches
out for weak MCS values and color codes them
showing you when bad signal quality
is causing issues or slow downs.
PanSift is also scanning your local Wi-Fi
environment and records other networks including
what channels, widths, and vendors they are using.
This means you can tell what parts of the airspace
are contended and what RF space is free. Pansift
will even suggest alternate channels for you to use
based upon device supported channels and the
used channels in the current time frame.
So, you can rapidly and instantaneously
troubleshoot Wi-Fi, IP, interfaces, status and
more, but without having to try and access the
terminal on a remote machine or annoy a
non-technical user. You can see in to
the past right up to the present.
The agent section lets you go direct to any agent
to deep dive when need be. In the background , data
is stored in buckets, and there's a handy guide to
walk you through onboarding agents. From the remote
user perspective an agent install is hands
off and zero touch provisioning.
Well done, you've now got the power to save time,
trouble, and toil while supporting work from
anywhere. Gain the confidence to provide fearless
support! Step through the guide if you need
help and remember to instrument your edge!
Now, try out the one click demo yourself and
install some of the free agents on a problem
machine or in a problem location.